Senior Data Analyst

About us


Life360 brings families closer with smart tools designed to protect and connect the people who matter most.

Known for first-to-market solutions for modern family challenges, Life360 recently reached #1 in Apple's US App Store's list of free social networking apps. Nearly 1 in 10 US families with kids use Life360 an average of 12 times a day, and global membership is growing exponentially, with over 25 million monthly active users in over 140 countries making Life360 the largest mobile service for families in the world.

This reach gives us the opportunity to do unprecedented good for families through our valued core offerings: advanced location sharing, private messaging, driver monitoring, help alerts, 24/7 roadside assistance, and Crash Detection with emergency response. On average we respond to 1,000 roadside assists and dispatch 200+ ambulances each month to those in need.

Offering both free and paid memberships. In addition, the company has raised over $200 million in equity financing, and recently completed an IPO on the ASX exchange giving our employees the liquidity of a public company with the upside of a private growth stage business.

Life360's rapidly growing team of 150+ employees is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in San Diego, and Las Vegas.

About the Job


Data plays a crucial role in Life360's growth by driving smarter decisions, improving operations, and creating higher value user experiences. As an analytics team, we partner with a wide variety of cross-functional partners to apply data insights against strategic initiatives. "Know Our Users" is a Life360 core value and we're looking for analytics professionals who are passionate about leveraging user data to create value for Life360 families.

You'll be working in a dynamic growth environment, leading efforts to better understand the business, the product, and the customer. Life360 has one of the most interesting datasets in the world: location, driving, product usage, and purchasing behavioral data - all centered around who matters most, the family. If you have a passion for making an impact and working on products that help millions of families around the world, then this is the right place for you.

Responsibilities


Analytics team members work closely with specific strategic teams but also have opportunities to work on company-wide initiatives. This person is expected to focus on that particular area but also generalize their skills towards other parts of the business with a variety of projects.

In this role, we are looking for someone to partner with the Revenue team in developing actionable insights from both product and financial perspectives. Common projects range from financial disclosure reports that tell Life360's growth story to conducting deep-dive analyses into identifying opportunities for subscription growth. Ultimately, you will be tasked with finding data insights that deliver business value.

These are some typical responsibilities:
Leverage data to understand the Life360 family and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and business strategy.
Partner with executives, product managers, engineers, marketers, designers to translate data insights into smarter decisions and applications.
Establish and manage KPIs that measure the health of the business, product performance, and customer experience quality.
Build dashboards and reporting processes to monitor business and product trends.
Develop frameworks, tools, and best practices to apply data insights towards business questions.
Conduct analyses and build models that identify opportunities and drive growth.
Design and analyze experiments, communicate results, and drive decisions.
Potential projects may include forecasting business performance, developing family driving profiles, and predicting customer lifetime value.
Qualifications


We are looking for candidates with a diverse background that will compliment the skills and backgrounds of the current team. If you don't fit all the criteria below please apply anyway as this list is more of a preference rather than a rule. Our priority is for a well rounded team that delivers results.
We are looking for candidates who have had previous experience on analytics teams and are willing to help coach and mentor colleagues on best data practices. 5+ years is preferred.
Degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research, or engineering, finance, business intelligence. Advanced degrees are preferred.
SQL expertise - able to write structured and efficient queries on large datasets.
Experience in scripting languages, like analysis and visualization libraries in Python or R.
Strong verbal/written communication skills and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business.
Proficiency in building data visualizations and interactive dashboards with tools like Tableau.
Experience designing and evaluating experiments to draw inferential recommendations.
Curiosity to learn about new topics and uncover hidden insights.
Perks
Fridays are Work From Home days at Life360
Competitive pay and benefits
Free snacks, drinks (three ways to brew your favorite cup of coffee), and food in the office
Catered lunches throughout the week
Health, dental and vision insurance plans
401k plan
$200/month Quality of Life perk
A great office with plenty of light in the heart of the SOMA district in beautiful San Francisco
Whatever makes you stronger makes us stronger. We buy you the things you need to improve yourself and get your job done.
This position is located in San Francisco, CA. It is not a remote role.